docs: add documentation to create custom metrics in plugins (#2417)
apollographql/router: NEXT_CHANGELOG.md

By [@Geal](https://github.com/geal) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/2372

### Optimize header propagation plugin's regex matching ([PR #2392](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/2392))

We've changed the plugin to reduce the chances of generating memory allocations when applying regex-based header propagation rules.

By [@o0Ignition0o](https://github.com/o0Ignition0o) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/2392

## 📚 Documentation

### Add documentation to create custom metrics in plugins ([Issue #2294](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/2294))

> To create your custom metrics in [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/) you can use the [tracing macros](https://docs.rs/tracing/latest/tracing/index.html#macros) to generate an event. If you respect a specific naming for your event you'll be able to generate your own custom metrics directly in Prometheus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create your custom metrics in [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/) you can use the [tracing macros](https://docs.rs/tracing/latest/tracing/index.html#macros) to generate an event. If you observe a specific naming pattern for your event you'll be able to generate your own custom metrics directly in Prometheus.
```

> To publish a new metric, use tracing macros to generate an event that contains following prefixes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To publish a new metric, use tracing macros to generate an event that contains one of the following prefixes:
```
